Expanded permissions and updated Status (#2915)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/privacy-sandbox/attribution-reporting/index.md

{% Aside %}

The API does not rely on third-party cookies. However, in the testing phase, third-party cookies need to be enabled for the API to be enabled. This allows developers to get debug reports and compare the API's results with cookie-based attribution.

{% endAside %}

## How can sites control access? {: #sites-control }

If the API is available in a given browser, it's available by default in any given site, both in top-level documents and scripts, and in same-origin iframes.

Arbitrary third-parties—for example, cross-origin ad iframes that were not added to the page via a script that has top-level access—can't use the API without a publisher's or advertiser's knowledge: in these iframes, the Attribution Reporting API needs to be explicily enabled via a [Permissions
policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Feature-Policy).

```html
<iframe src="..." allow="attribution-reporting"></iframe>
```

Third parties with top-level access that add cross-origin iframes to a page can enable the Attribution Reporting API via this [Permissions
policy](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Feature-Policy) as well.

{% Aside %}

> **What's the security benefit?**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What's the security benefit?
```

> By doing this, a script with top-level access allows the frames it adds itself to use Attribution Reporting. This isn't an issue, because only a third-party script that is trusted by the site should be given top-level access anyway.
> The main security advantage of the policy lies somewhere else: frames that were not added via a top-level script should not be trusted by default to register sources or triggers, hence the requirement for the top-level site to explicitly enable the API for these.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Permissions Policy, a script with top-level access can allow the frames it adds
to use Attribution Reporting. This isn't a security issue, because only a third-party
script that is trusted by the site should be given top-level access.
The main security advantage of the policy lies somewhere else: frames that were not added via a top-level script should not be trusted by default to register sources or triggers, hence the requirement for the top-level site to explicitly enable the API for these.
```

{% endAside %}

> A site can decide to disable the Attribution Reporting API for all parties—including scripts with top-level access—by sending the HTTP response header:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A site can disable the Attribution Reporting API for all parties—including scripts with top-level access—by sending the HTTP response header:
```
